# `dl_write_bob_mesh`

A basic compound to make writing model data more pipeline friendly.\
Filepaths are generated by inputs, and the dl_mesh_object is written to disk.  \
This makes it easier to understand what files and versions output from a Bifrost graph.
Full path will write to:\
`{directory_path}/{asset_name}/{asset_flavor}/{asset_resolution}/{padded_version}/bob/{asset_name}_{asset_flavor}_{resolution}.bob`\
Data is written this way, as it is assumed that format changes do not make modifications to underlying data that would require an up versioning of the data source.

# `Inputs`

## `MeshData`

### `input_mesh`

Polygon mesh object that will create a dl_mesh_object and write it to disk.

### `world_offset_matrix`

This will localize the mesh to the provided matrix.

### `deform_group_attr_array`

This is an array of string that list the deform groups and face assignments.\
It is assumed the `dl_bifrost_utils.group_utils.build_group_attrs()` script was used. 

## `FilepathData`

### `directory_path`

String to model directory.  This will expand variables that are set.\
Default: ${PROJ}/bifrost/models

### `asset_name`

String that represents the asset name as it was written on disk.\
Default: asset

### `asset_flavor`

String that represents the asset _flavor_.  (i.e. clean, dirty, base, thin, muscular, etc.)\
Default: base

### `asset_resolution`

String that represents the resolution of your given model asset.\
Default: lo (common are xlo, lo, hi, xhi, med, full)

## `VersionData`

### `version_number`

What version is the model you're reading.  (1, 2, 10, 500)

### `version_padding`

How many total numbers are used to create a version number?\
Default: 4 (4 becomes 0004, 100 becomes 0100, etc.)

## `Extras`

### `write_data`

Bool flag to signal to Bifrost you want the data written out.

# `Outputs`

### `out_objects`

New Amino::objects that were written to disk

### `file_path`

String of the full filepath that was built and written out

### `success`

Bool represents if the file was written or not.
